Add `Skin of the Year 2022: Voting Open` news post (#8773)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2023/2023-02-09-skin-of-the-year-2022.md

---
layout: post
title: "Skin of the Year 2022: Voting Open"
date: 2023-02-09 10:00:00 +0000
---

Do you think you've got what it takes to help select the *best* skins of 2022? Get involved and cast your votes today!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2023-02-09-Skin-of-the-Year-2022/SOTY-2022-banner.jpg)

Ever since skinning was first introduced to osu! many years ago, a sprawling and ever so creative community has been evolving and expanding around it. Many thousands of skins have been created in the past 15 years with a myriad of styles and artists coming and going, but until now the community has never had an official vote to determine the best made in a given year.

Now's your chance to become a part of history in this first-of-a-kind skin competition!

## Voting details

> All skins that have been released during 2022 and were added to [the compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/) are eligible to compete, **including contest & podium entries**. Everyone gets **15** votes each to cast, and you can spend as many or as little as you like.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All skins that have been released during 2022 and have been added to [the compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/) are eligible to compete, **including contest & podium entries**. Everyone gets **15** votes each to cast, and you can spend as many or as few as you like.
```

Now's your chance to become a part of history in this first-of-a-kind skin competition!

## Voting details

All skins that have been released during 2022 and were added to [the compendium](https://compendium.skinship.xyz/) are eligible to compete, **including contest & podium entries**. Everyone gets **15** votes each to cast, and you can spend as many or as little as you like.

The top-voted entry will receive a unique profile badge based on their entry and 3 months of osu!supporter for their victory, while the remaining finalists will receive 1 month of osu!supporter each.

We urge you to check out the sheer amount of creativity that various artists have put into their works throughout the year, with **290** skins that have been submitted to the [skinning forums](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/15) (and **136** of them being added to the compendium) all just waiting to make their home in your client as your new main skin.
  
[**Click here to get involved and vote for 2022's Skin of the Year!**](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/170)

> The votes will remain open for **14 days** after this post goes up, closing officially on the **23rd of February**. Hopefully, that should be enough time to go through the catalogue and pick your favourites.

Reviewer 2: shouldnt this say voting instead of votes

Reviewer 3: it should, and now does
